Added gcp command line options (#234)
Consensys/doc.web3signer: docs/reference/cli/subcommands.md

#### `gcp-project-id`

<!--tabs-->

# Syntax

```bash
--gcp-project-id=<STRING>
```

# Example

```bash
--gcp-project-id=my-project
```

# Environment variable

```bash
WEB3SIGNER_ETH2_GCP_PROJECT_ID=my-project
```

# Configuration file

```bash
eth2.gcp-project-id: "my-project"
```

<!--/tabs-->

Globally unique identifier for the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project where the
secrets to be used by Web3Signer are stored.

#### `gcp-secrets-enabled`

<!--tabs-->

# Syntax

```bash
--gcp-secrets-enabled=<BOOLEAN>
```

# Example

```bash
--gcp-secrets-enabled=true
```

# Environment variable

```bash
WEB3SIGNER_ETH2_GCP_SECRETS_ENABLED=true
```

# Configuration file

```bash
eth2.gcp-secrets-enabled: true
```

<!--/tabs-->

Set to `true` to enable bulk loading from the GCP Secrets Manager service. The default is `false`. 

#### `gcp-secrets-filter`

<!--tabs-->

# Syntax

```bash
--gcp-secrets-filter=<STRING>
```

# Example

```bash
--gcp-secrets-filter=my-secrets-filter
```

# Environment variable

```bash
WEB3SIGNER_ETH2_GCP_SECRETS_FILTER=my-secrets-filter
```

# Configuration file

```bash
eth2.gcp-secrets-filter: "my-secrets-filter"
```

<!--/tabs-->

> Use to filter secrets loaded into Web3Signer. [List operation filtering](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/filtering) is applied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter to use when loading secrets into Web3Signer. [List operation filtering](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/filtering) is applied.
```
